Changelogs for Digital Twin Manager Microservice 1024.1.0 (#4235)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/dtm-1024-1-0-added-rest-endpoint-to-get-linked-assets-for-a-given-device.md

---
date: ""

> title: "Added REST endpoint to get Linked Assets for a given device"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Added REST endpoint to get linked assets for a given device"
```

product_area: "Application enablement & solutions"
change_type:
    - value: "change-QHu1GdukP"
      label: "Feature"
component:
    - value: "component-Tl88RYb4A"
      label: "Digital Twin Manager"
build_artifact:
    - value: "tc-wYIY0MBDO"
      label: "dtm"
ticket: "CTM-2670"
version: "1024.1.0"
---

> A new variant of the REST endpoint `/service/dtm/assets/linkedSeries/opposites/{deviceId}` that returns a LinkedAsset collection was added. To use it, the 'Accept' header `application/vnd.com.nsn.cumulocity.linkedassetscollection+json` must be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A new variant of the REST endpoint `/service/dtm/assets/linkedSeries/opposites/{deviceId}` that returns a linked asset collection for a given device has been added. To use it, the `Accept` header `application/vnd.com.nsn.cumulocity.linkedassetscollection+json` must be used.
```

---
date: ""
title: "Added REST endpoint to get Linked Assets for a given device"
product_area: "Application enablement & solutions"
change_type:
    - value: "change-QHu1GdukP"
      label: "Feature"
component:
    - value: "component-Tl88RYb4A"
      label: "Digital Twin Manager"
build_artifact:
    - value: "tc-wYIY0MBDO"
      label: "dtm"
ticket: "CTM-2670"
version: "1024.1.0"
---

> A new variant of the REST endpoint /service/dtm/assets/linkedSeries/opposites/{deviceId} that returns a LinkedAsset collection was added. To use it, the 'Accept' header 'application/vnd.com.nsn.cumulocity.linkedassetscollection+json' must be used.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A new variant of the REST endpoint `/service/dtm/assets/linkedSeries/opposites/{deviceId}` that returns a LinkedAsset collection was added. To use it, the 'Accept' header `application/vnd.com.nsn.cumulocity.linkedassetscollection+json` must be used.
```

Co-authored-by: namnhatpham-sag-bot <namnhatpham-sag-bot@users.noreply.github.com>

> Co-authored-by: Michael Voigt <91879843+mvoigt-sag@users.noreply.github.com>

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```
